c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe.config
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.pdb
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.xml
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.dll
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.pdb
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.xml
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.frmMain.resources
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.Resources.resources
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.xml
c:\users\domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.pdb
C:\Users\Domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Domo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe.config
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.pdb
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\BitcoinCharts.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.dll
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.pdb
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.pdb
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.WinForms.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\LiveCharts.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.vbproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.exe
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.xml
C:\Users\Domo\Desktop\BitcoinCharts\BitcoinCharts\obj\Debug\BitcoinCharts.pdb
